docs(ref): Update unstable docs for msrv-policy (#13751)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/unstable.md

## msrv-policy
- [#9930](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/9930) (MSRV-aware resolver)

Catch-all unstable feature for MSRV-aware cargo features under
[RFC 2495](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2495).

### MSRV-aware cargo add

This was stabilized in 1.79 in [#13608](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/13608).

### MSRV-aware resolver

By default, `-Zmsrv-policy` enables an MSRV-aware resolver.
The resolver will prefer dependencies with a `package.rust-version` that is the same or newer as your project's MSRV.

> Your project's MSRV is determined by taking the lowest `package.rust-version` set in you workspace.
> If there is none set, `rustc -V` will be used to pick up the rust version from rustup's `rust-toolchain.toml`.

Reviewer: It might be tricker to explain the rustc invocation when <https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/13659> is merged. rust-toolchain.toml does not always exist either. I might suggest something like:

```suggestion
Your project's MSRV is determined by taking the lowest `package.rust-version` set among all members of your workspace.
If there is none set, the version of rustc Cargo will invoke would be picked as the project's MSRV.
```

BTW, what does "project" refer to here? 😆

Author: Went in a slightly different direction.

I also did not write this with an eye for what would go in stable documentation.  This is meant to help people in using the unstable feature and I don't think we need to block on this being ideal.
